
“A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.” – Emo Philips
“Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.” – Edsger W. Dijkstra
“The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before.” – Bill Gates
“Software is like entropy: It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics; i.e., it always increases.”   – Norman Augustine
“Software is a gas; it expands to fill its container.” – Nathan Myhrvold
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
“All parts should go together without forcing.  You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.  Therefore, if you can’t get them together again, there must be a reason.  By all means, do not use a hammer.”    – IBM Manual, 1925
“Standards are always out of date.  That’s what makes them standards.” – Alan Bennett
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking." -Steve Jobs
“Physics is the universe’s operating system.”  – Steven R Garman
“It’s hardware that makes a machine fast.  It’s software that makes a fast machine slow.” – Craig Bruce
“Imagination is more important than knowledge.  For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.”    – Albert Einstein
“The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.” – Stephen Hawking
“The more you know, the more you realize you know nothing.” – Socrates
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." -Oprah Winfrey
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." -Aristotle
“Tell me and I forget.  Teach me and I remember.  Involve me and I learn.” – Benjamin Franklin
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart." -Helen Keller
“Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance.” – Confucius
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." -Benjamin Franklin
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." -Margaret Mead
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." -Eleanor Roosevelt
“If people never did silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.” – Ludwig Wittgenstein
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." -James Cameron
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.”– Mitchell Kapor
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon
“If you think your users are idiots, only idiots will use it.”– Linus Torvalds
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." -Mother Teresa
“From a programmer’s point of view, the user is a peripheral that types when you issue a read request.” – P. Williams
“Where is the ‘any’ key?” – Homer Simpson, in response to the message, “Press any key”
“Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.” – Donald Knuth
“There is only one problem with common sense; it’s not very common.” – Milt Bryce
“Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.” – Bill Gates
“Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs: Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.”    – Donald E. Knuth
“The Internet?  We are not interested in it.” – Bill Gates, 1993
“The best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections.” – Matthew Austern
“The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident.  That’s where we come in; we’re computer professionals.  We cause accidents.”   – Nathaniel Borenstein
“Pessimists, we’re told, look at a glass containing 50% air and 50% water and see it as half empty.  Optimists, in contrast, see it as half full.  Engineers, of course, understand the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.”– Bob Lewis
“In a room full of top software designers, if two agree on the same thing, that’s a majority.” – Bill Curtis
“It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure.  Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter.”    – Nathaniel S. Borenstein
“Mostly, when you see programmers, they aren’t doing anything.  One of the attractive things about programmers is that you cannot tell whether or not they are working simply by looking at them.  Very often they’re sitting there seemingly drinking coffee and gossiping, or just staring into space.  What the programmer is trying to do is get a handle on all the individual and unrelated ideas that are scampering around in his head.”    – Charles M. Strauss
“If you think you are worth what you know, you are very wrong.  Your knowledge today does not have much value beyond a couple of years.  Your value is what you can learn and how easily you can adapt to the changes this profession brings so often.”    – Jose M. Aguilar
“Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.”– Abelson and Sussman
“Commenting your code is like cleaning your bathroom : you never want to do it, but it really does create a more pleasant experience for you and your guests.”    – Ryan Campbell
“We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users.” – Jeff Atwood
“Low-level programming is good for the programmer’s soul.”– John Carmack
“It’s OK to figure out murder mysteries, but you shouldn’t need to figure out code.  You should be able to read it.”    – Steve McConnell
“If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as ‘lines produced’ but as ‘lines spent.’”– Edsger Dijkstra
“Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.”– Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
“Before software should be reusable, it should be usable.”– Ralph Johnson
“If you automate a mess, you get an automated mess.”– Rod Michael
“Looking at code you wrote more than two weeks ago is like looking at code you are seeing for the first time.”– Dan Hurvitz
“It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.”– Alan Perlis
“Less than 10% of the code has to do with the ostensible purpose of the system; the rest deals with input-output, data validation, data structure maintenance, and other housekeeping.”– Mary Shaw
“If you have a procedure with ten parameters, you probably missed some.”– Alan Perlis
“How rare it is that maintaining someone else’s code is akin to entering a beautifully designed building, which you admire as you walk around and plan how to add a wing or do some redecorating. More often, maintaining someone else’s code is like being thrown headlong into a big pile of slimy, smelly garbage.”– Bill Venners
“Code generation, like drinking alcohol, is good in moderation.”– Alex Lowe
“Simplicity, carried to the extreme, becomes elegance.”– Jon Franklin
“A program is never less than 90% complete, and never more than 95% complete.”– Terry Baker
“When you are stuck in a traffic jam with a Porsche, all you do is burn more gas in idle.  Scalability is about building wider roads, not about building faster cars.”– Steve Swartz
“Everyone by now presumably knows about the danger of premature optimization.  I think we should be just as worried about premature design — designing too early what a program should do.”– Paul Graham
“Programming without an overall architecture or design in mind is like exploring a cave with only a flashlight: You don’t know where you’ve been, you don’t know where you’re going, and you don’t know quite where you are.”– Danny Thorpe
“The best way to predict the future is to implement it.”– David Heinemeier Hansson
“We need above all to know about changes; no one wants or needs to be reminded 16 hours a day that his shoes are on.”– David Hubel
“On two occasions I have been asked, ‘If you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?’  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.”– Charles Babbage
“Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.”– Albert Einstein
“Today, most software exists, not to solve a problem, but to interface with other software.”– IO Angell
“Good specifications will always improve programmer productivity far better than any programming tool or technique.”– Milt Bryce
“The difference between theory and practice is that in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.”– Richard Moore
“Don’t document the problem, fix it.”– Atli Björgvin Oddsson
“As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.”– Dave Parnas
“If the code and the comments do not match, possibly both are incorrect.”– Norm Schryer
“I think it’s a new feature.  Don’t tell anyone it was an accident.”– Larry Wall
“If you don’t handle [exceptions], we shut your application down.  That dramatically increases the reliability of the system.”– Anders Hejlsberg
“When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code.”– Richard Pattis
“In a software project team of 10, there are probably 3 people who produce enough defects to make them net negative producers.”– Gordon Schulmeyer
“I think it is inevitable that people program poorly.  Training will not substantially help matters.  We have to learn to live with it.”– Alan Perlis
“Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.”– Edsger Dijkstra
“Manually managing blocks of memory in C is like juggling bars of soap in a prison shower: It’s all fun and games until you forget about one of them.”– anonymous Usenet user
“There’s no obfuscated Perl contest because it’s pointless.”– Jeff Polk
“Java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since MS-DOS.”– Alan Kay
“There are only two things wrong with C++:  The initial concept and the implementation.”– Bertrand Meyer
“It was a joke, okay?  If we thought it would actually be used, we wouldn’t have written it!”– Mark Andreesen, speaking of the HTML tag BLINK
“Web Services are like teenage sex.  Everyone is talking about doing it, and those who are actually doing it are doing it badly.”– Michelle Bustamante
“Perl: The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption.”– Keith Bostic
“I didn’t work hard to make Ruby perfect for everyone, because you feel differently from me.  No language can be perfect for everyone.  I tried to make Ruby perfect for me, but maybe it’s not perfect for you.  The perfect language for Guido van Rossum is probably Python.”– Yukihiro Matsumoto, aka “Matz”, creator of Ruby
“XML is not a language in the sense of a programming language any more than sketches on a napkin are a language.” – Charles Simonyi
“BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.”– Seymour Papert
“It has been discovered that C++ provides a remarkable facility for concealing the trivial details of a program — such as where its bugs are.”– David Keppel
“UNIX is simple.  It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.”– Dennis Ritchie
“Some people, when confronted with a problem, think ‘I know, I’ll use regular expressions.’  Now they have two problems.”– Jamie Zawinski
“I think computer viruses should count as life.  I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.  We’ve created life in our own image.”– Stephen Hawking
“The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards.”– Gene Spafford
“Being able to break security doesn’t make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer.”– Eric Raymond
“Companies spend millions of dollars on firewalls, encryption and secure access devices, and it’s money wasted, because none of these measures address the weakest link in the security chain.”– Kevin Mitnick
“If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology.”– Bruce Schneier
“Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are replicated and distributed.  In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System.”– Stewart Kirkpatrick
“Passwords are like underwear: you don’t let people see it, you should change it very often, and you shouldn’t share it with strangers.”– Chris Pirillo
“I am not out to destroy Microsoft, that would be a completely unintended side effect.”– Linus Torvalds
“Yes, we have a dress code. You have to dress.”– Scott McNealy, co-founder of Sun Microsystems
“In an information economy, the most valuable company assets drive themselves home every night.  If they are not treated well, they do not return the next morning.”– Peter Chang
“It’s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive.”– Steve McConnell
“I’m not one of those who think Bill Gates is the devil.  I simply suspect that if Microsoft ever met up with the devil, it wouldn’t need an interpreter.”– Nicholas Petreley
“Two years from now, spam will be solved.”– Bill Gates, 2004
“The problem of viruses is temporary and will be solved in two years.”– John McAfee, 1988
“Computer viruses are an urban legend.”– Peter Norton, 1988
“In 2031, lawyers will be commonly a part of most development teams.”– Grady Booch
“I don’t know what the language of the year 2000 will look like, but I know it will be called Fortran.”– CA Hoare, 1982
“In the future, computers may weigh no more than 1.5 tonnes.”– Popular mechanics, 1949
“I see little commercial potential for the Internet for at least ten years.”– Bill Gates, 1994
“Before man reaches the moon, mail will be delivered within hours from New York to California, to Britain, to India or Australia.”– Arthur Summerfield, 1959, United States Post
“The best way to predict the future is to implement it.” That is the spirit that has made computers and the internet what it is today.
“Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.”"Hoaxes use weaknesses in human behavior to ensure they are replicated and distributed. In other words, hoaxes prey on the Human Operating System.”
“in a room where people think similar – not much thinking is done…” =))
“It’s hardware that makes a machine fast. It’s software that makes a fast machine slow.”– Craig Bruce
“Computers are useless.  They can only give you answers.”(Pablo Picasso)
“Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.”(Sam Ewing)
“They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction.”(Janet Reno)
“That’s what’s cool about working with computers.  They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer.”(Paul Leary)
“If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside.”(Robert X. Cringely)
“Computers are getting smarter all the time.  Scientists tell us that soon they will be able to talk to us.  (And by ‘they’, I mean ‘computers’.  I doubt scientists will ever be able to talk to us.)”(Dave Barry)
“I’ve noticed lately that the paranoid fear of computers becoming intelligent and taking over the world has almost entirely disappeared from the common culture.  Near as I can tell, this coincides with the release of MS-DOS.”(Larry DeLuca)
“The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim.”(Edsger W. Dijkstra)
“It’s ridiculous to live 100 years and only be able to remember 30 million bytes.  You know, less than a compact disc.  The human condition is really becoming more obsolete every minute.”(Marvin Minsky)
“The city’s central computer told you?  R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer!”(C3PO)
“Never trust a computer you can’t throw out a window.”(Steve Wozniak)
“Hardware: The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.”(Jeff Pesis) 
“Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves.”(Alan Kay)
“I’ve finally learned what ‘upward compatible’ means.  It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.”(Dennie van Tassel)
“There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.  We don’t believe this to be a coincidence.”(Jeremy S. Anderson)
“19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM”(End of the word according to Unix–2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970)
“Every operating system out there is about equal… We all suck.”(Microsoft senior vice president Brian Valentine describing the state of the art in OS security, 2003)
“Microsoft has a new version out, Windows XP, which according to everybody is the ‘most reliable Windows ever.‘  To me, this is like saying that asparagus is ‘the most articulate vegetable ever.‘ “(Dave Barry)
“The Internet?  Is that thing still around?”  (Homer Simpson)
“The Web is like a dominatrix.  Everywhere I turn, I see little buttons ordering me to Submit.”(Nytwind)
“Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare.”(Blair Houghton)
“The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry.”(Henry Petroski)
“True innovation often comes from the small startup who is lean enough to launch a market but lacks the heft to own it.”(Timm Martin)
“It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants.  It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets.”(Alan Cooper)
“It is not about bits, bytes and protocols, but profits, losses and margins.”(Lou Gerstner) 
“We are Microsoft.  Resistance Is Futile.  You Will Be Assimilated.”(Bumper sticker)
“No matter how slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience, the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved.”(Mark Gibbs)
“The bulk of all patents are crap.  Spending time reading them is stupid.  It’s up to the patent owner to do so, and to enforce them.”Linus Torvalds)
“Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.”(Brian Kernigan) 
“Complexity kills.  It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration.”(Ray Ozzie) 
“There are two ways of constructing a software design.  One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.”(C.A.R. Hoare)
“The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.”(Grady Booch)
“Just remember: you’re not a ‘dummy,’ no matter what those computer books claim.  The real dummies are the people who–though technically expert–couldn’t design hardware and software that’s usable by normal consumers if their lives depended upon it.”(Walter Mossberg)
“Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ‘user-friendly’…  Their best approach so far has been to take all the old brochures and stamp the words ‘user-friendly’ on the cover.”(Bill Gates)
“There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone.  That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone.”(Bjarne Stroustrup) 
“Any fool can use a computer.  Many do.”(Ted Nelson)
“There are only two industries that refer to their customers as ‘users’.”(Edward Tufte)
“Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots.  So far the Universe is winning.”(Rich Cook)
“Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer.  There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.”(Larry Wall)
“The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late.”(Seymour Cray) 
“That’s the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they really hate is lousy programmers.”(Larry Niven) 
“For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless.  And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things.  They are, in short, a perfect match.”(Bill Bryson)
“Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter.”(Eric Raymond) 
“A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place.”(IEEE Grid newsmagazine) 
“A hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year.  IBM used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more.”(Peter Seebach) 
“The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones.  They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability.”(Randall E. Stross)
“A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer.”(Bill Gates)
“Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right.  If everything did, you’d be out of a job.”(Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering)
“Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.”(Bill Gates)
“Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing.”(Gerald Weinberg) 
“First learn computer science and all the theory.  Next develop a programming style.  Then forget all that and just hack.”(George Carrette)
“First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.”(John Johnson)
“Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming; feedback is the treatment.”(Kent Beck)
“To iterate is human, to recurse divine.”(L. Peter Deutsch)
“The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit.”(Anonymous)
“Should array indices start at 0 or 1?  My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.”(Stan Kelly-Bootle)
“There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses.”(Bjarne Stroustrup) 
“PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals.”(Jon Ribbens)
“The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense.”(E.W. Dijkstra)
“It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC.  As potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.”(E. W. Dijkstra)
“I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing.”(Oktal)    
“There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs.”(Larry Flon)
“Computer language design is just like a stroll in the park.  Jurassic Park, that is.”(Larry Wall)
“Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++?”(Richard A. O’Keefe)
“Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed.”(Bob Gray)   
“In C++ it’s harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg.”(Bjarne Stroustrup)   
“C++ : Where friends have access to your private members.”(Gavin Russell Baker)       
“One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.”(Robert Firth)
“Java is, in many ways, C++–.”(Michael Feldman)
“Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders.”(Alanna)
“Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like.  But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like.”(pixadel)
“If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution.”(Robert Sewell)
“Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free.”(Linus Torvalds)
“The only people who have anything to fear from free software are those whose products are worth even less.”(David Emery)
“Good code is its own best documentation.”(Steve McConnell)
“Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else.”(Eagleson’s Law)      
“The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time.  The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time.”(Tom Cargill)
“Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case.”(Francis Glassborow)
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." -Maya Angelou
“In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements.  Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer’s shifting idea of what their problem is.”(Jeff Atwood)
“Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline.”(Bill Clinton)
“You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families.”(Jim McCarthy)
“As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn’t as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be discovered.  I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs.”(Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949) 
“Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.  Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are–by definition–not smart enough to debug it.”(Brian Kernighan)
“If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.”(Edsger W. Dijkstra)
“I don’t care if it works on your machine!  We are not shipping your machine!”(Vidiu Platon)
“Programming is like sex: one mistake and you’re providing support for a lifetime.”(Michael Sinz)
“There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.”(Alan J. Perlis)
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." -Dr. Seuss
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston S. Churchill
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." -Henry David Thoreau
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." -Steve Jobs
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -Wayne Gretzky
Whatever the mind can think and perceive, it can achieve. – Napolean Hill
“It doesn’t matter how slowly you go, as long as you don’t stop.” – Confucious
“The past cannot be changed, the future is yet in your power,”
“What you do today can improve all of your tomorrows.” – Ralph Marston
“Wake up determined go to bed satisfied.” – Dwayne Johnson
“Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities. Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers, you cannot be successful or happy.” Norman Vincent Peale
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” – Napolean Hill
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented that you know and capable of more than you can imagine.” – Roy. T. Bennet
“Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.”
“You begin by always expecting good things to happen.” – Tom Hopkins
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
“Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you are done.”
“Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits.”
“The most common way for people to give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.” – Alice Walker
“The trouble is, if you don’t risk anything, you risk more.” – Erica Jong
“Only I can change my life, no one can do it for me,” – Carol Burnett
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.” – Rob Siltanen
“One’s finds limits by pushing them.” – Herbert Simon
“Don’t watch the clock. Do what it does and keep going.” – Sam Levenson”Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements and impossibilities: It is this that in all things, distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.” – Charles R. Swindol
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“I’ve never chased money. It’s always been about what I can do to motivate and inspire.” – Tyler Perry
“I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions.” – Steven Covey
“Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance.” – Brian Tracy
“If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.”
“There is no passion to be found playing small in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.” – Nelson Madela
“Dream big and dream fierce.” – Viola Davis
“Every failure is a lesson. If you are not willing to fail, you are not ready to succeed.”
“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.” – Maya Angelou
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“Courage doesn’t mean you don’t get afraid. Courage means you don’t let fear stop you.”
“We are all a little broken, but last time I checked, broken crayons still color the same.”
“If you want to be successful, prepare to be doubted and tested.”
“Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.” – Johnathan Swift
“We can do no great things, only small things with great love.” – Mother Theresa
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.” – John Wooden
“Just because my path is different doesn’t mean I’m lost.”
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” –  Anais Nin
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.”
“Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. SO thank the past for a better future.” –
“I never lose, either I win or I learn.”
“Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health.” – Dalai Lama
“Appreciate where you are in your journey. Even if it’s not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose.”
“To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst”
“Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations”
“I’ve come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that’s as unique as a fingerprint – and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in form of service, working hard and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you.” – Oprah Winfrey
“I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.” – Rosa Parks
“Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.” – Brian Tracy
“I never see failure as failure, but only as the game I must play to win.” – Tom Hopkins
“Be somebody who makes everyone feel like a somebody.”
“The only way to achieve the possible is to believe it is possible.” – Chlrles Kingsleigh
‘Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” Steve Jobs
“Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.” – Louis Pasteur
“If you want to be successful in this world, you have to follow your passion, not a paycheck.” – Jen Welter
Kid, there are heroes and there are legends. Heroes get remembered, but legends never ide. Follow your heart, kid, and you’ll’ never go wrong.” – The Sandlot
“I fight while I can fight.” – Eminem
“I find that the harder I work, the more success I seem to have.” – Thomas Jefferson
” Sales are contingent upon attitude of the salesman. Not the attitude of the prospect.” – W. Clement Stone
“The key is not the will to win. Everybody has that. It is the will to prepare to win that is important.” – Bobby Knight
“Don’t worry about what others think. Most people don’t use their brain very often.” – Venkat Desireddy
“Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.” – Norman Cousins
“Change your thoughts and you change your world.” – Norman Vincent Peale
“Becoming is better than being.” – Herman Melville
“If you spend too much time thinking about one thing, you’ll never get it done.”
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for extraordinary destiny. – C.S. Lewis
“Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It’s comes from the things you once thought you couldn’t do.” Rikki Rogers
“If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll all into some else’s plan, and guess what they have planned for you? Not much.” – Jim Rohn
“Everyday might not be good, but there is good in everyday.”
“Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it is about having a lot of options.””If you are working on something exciting that you really care about you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” – Steve Jobs
“A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things taht are worthwhile. It can be done.” – Vince Lombardi
“You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educated and fulfill your own dreams and destiny.” – Viola Daivs
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.” – Victor Hugo
“Stop waiting for good things to happen, go out and make them happen”
“Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, forget about those who don’t believe. Everything happens for a reason, if you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said life would be easy they just promised most likely be worth it.”‘The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day sets on.” – Charles Dickens
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.” – Maya Angelou
“Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it and believe that you can succeed.” – Bethany Hamilton
“We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.” – Dr. Henry Link
“What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 100% all the time.” – Don Zimmer
“The successful warrior is the average man with laser-like focus.” – Bruce Lee
“Life goes on. Whether you choose to move on and take a change in the unknown. Or stay behind, locked in the past thinking of could’ve been.” – Maria Robinson
“To win in the market place, you must first win in the workplace.” – Doug Conant
“To handle yourself, use your head. To handle others, use your heart.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” Tony Robbins
“The darker the night, the brighter the stars. The deeper the grief the closer is God.” – Fydor Dostoyevesky
“Follow your dreams, or you’ll spend the rest of the time working for someone who did.”
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” – Helen Keller
“In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.” – Max De Pree
“Change is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.” – Ovid
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust me sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.”
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes
“You don’t want to look back now and know you could have done better.”
“Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“The best view comes after the hardest climb.”
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.” – Jim Rohn
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.” – Ingrid Bergman
“Don’t wait on perfect conditions, just go ahead and do something.” – Dan Miller
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it. Go through it or work around it.” – Micheal Jordan
“Leadership reputations are mad or lost in times of crisis.” – Ken Chenault
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve, the fear of failure.” – Paulo Coelhon”Tough times never last, but tough people do.” – Robert H. Schuller
“i’m stronger because I had to be. I’m Smarter because of my mistakes. I am happier because of the sadness I know and now wiser because I learned.”
“Dream big and dare to fail.”
“Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah neither does anyone else.”
“When you talk you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.” – Dalai Lamaover
“Do not wait to strike til the iron is hot, but make it hot by sticking.” – William Butler
“A bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking, because her trust is no on the branch but on it’s own wings. Always believe in yourself.”
“Step by step and the thing is done.” – Charles Atlas
“Action is the foundational key to all success.” – Pablo Picasso
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.” – C.S. Lewis
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” – Albert Einstein
“Vibrate so high that toxic people in your life fall back, because they no longer know how to approach you.”
‘The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.”
“The best way to predict the future is to created it.” – Peter Drucker
“You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.” – Charles Burton
“What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven’t happened yet.”
“If you believe in yourself, anything is possible.”
“Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.” – Maya Angelou
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover. – Mark Twain
“I don’t care what you think about me, I don’t think about you at all.” – Coco Chanel
“Ordinary can’t possibly be extraordinary without taking risk. You have to learn to be uncomfortable with being comfortable to truly reach your highest potential.” – Necole Bitchie
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.” – Margaret Thatcher
“Courage is like a muscle, we strengthen it by use.” – Ruth Gordo
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
“You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success if found in your daily routine.”
“Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” – Eleanor Rosevelt
“Staying positive doesn’t mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out.”
“Someday everything will make perfect sense. So for now laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.”
“What comes easy won’t last and what lasts won’t come easy.”
“Old ways won’t open new doors.”
“Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.” – Robert Kiyosaki
“Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word,” – Brian Tracy
“The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.” – H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Be brave, take tisks. Nothing can substitue experience.” – Paulo Coelho
“You only fail when you stop trying.”
“A river cuts through rock, not because of it’s power but because of it’s persistence.”  – Jim Watkins
“With drive and a little talent, you can move mountains.” – Dwayne Johnson
“That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.” – Abraham Lincoln
“We are all broken, that’s how light gets in.” Ernest Hemingway
“I am not afraid of storms because I am learning how to sail my ship.” – Louisa May Alocott
“Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people.” – Brian Tracy
“Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness. Bad days give you experience.”
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream. Not only plan but also believe.” – Anatole France
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the travelers is unaware.” – Marin Buber
“Love your enemies because they tell you all your faults.” – Benjamin Franklin
“If’I had 6 hours to chop down a tree, I would spend the first 4 hours sharpening the axe.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Leap and the net will appear.” – John Burroughs
“Two things define you. Your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything.”
“I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you are prepared for it.” – Denzel Washington
“If it is important to you, you will find a way, not an excuse.” – Ryan Blair
“Achieve your goals in silence.” – Imam Ali
“You can do anything you set your mind to.” – Eminem
“Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.. The most certain way to succeed is always to try one more time” – Thomas Edison
“Leadership is an action, not a position.” – Donald McGannon
“Make your life a masterpiece. Imagine no limitations on what you be, have or do.” – Bryan Tracy
“There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking.” – Brian Tracy
“Every beautiful moment we have is a pearl, we thread on the necklace of our life. And every moment we enjoy makes our necklace more precious.” – Anonymous
“Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.” – Og Mandino
“A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.” – Ayn Rand
“When the well is dry, we know the worth of water.” – Benjamin Franklin
“Everything you ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“If you hate starting over, stop quitting.”
“She quietly expected great things to happen to her, and no doubt that’s one of the reasons why they did.” – Zelda Fitzgerald
“Accept then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. This will miraculously change your whole life.” – Eckhart Tolle
“We only fail when we stop learning.” – Steve Krivda
“Failure will not overcome me so long as my will to succeed is stronger.” – Michael S. Kirby
“Don’t ever be afraid to dream too big. Nothing is impossible. If you believe in yourself, you can acheive it.” Nastia Linkin.
“The difficult thing is the decision to act. The rest is merely tenacity.” – Amelia Earhart
“How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable.” – Seth Godin
“Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.”
“Done is better than perfect.” – Sheryl Sandberg
“Pretend every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, “Make me feel important.” . Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.” – Mary Kay Ash
“To be successful in sales today, it’s imperative to drop your sales mentality and start working with your prospects as if they already hired you.” – Jill Konrath
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” – Aurthur Ashe
“Difficulties in your life don’t come to destroy you, but to help you realize your hidden potential.”
“Whey should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.” – Tony Robbins
“Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.” – Joshua J. Marine
“The secret to change is not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
“Stress is caused by being here but wanting to be there.” – Eckhart Tolle
“One of the most important things you can accomplish is just being yourself.” – Dwyane Johnson
“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.” – Micheal Jordan
“The first thing that has be to recognized is that one cannot train someone to be passionate. It’s either in their DNA or it’s not.” – Richard Branson
“Imagine no limitations Decide what’s right and desirable before you decide what’s possible” – Brian Tracy
“Wise men listen and laugh while fools talk.” – 50 Cent
“Life is short and it is here to be lived.” – Kate Winslet
“Don’t wait. The time will never be just right. Start where you stand and work with whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.” – George Herbert
“Remember sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.” – Dalai Lama
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” – Aristotle Onassis
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” – Walt Disnetyother
“Change your life, don’t gamble on the future. Act now, without delay.” – Simone De Beauvoir
“We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created the.” – Albert Einstein
“First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.” – Mahatma Gandi
“If you are afraid to fail, then you’re probably going to fail.” – Kobe Bryant
“You have to be odd to be No. 1.” – Dr. Suess
“Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea at home. This is the way to success.” – Swami Vivekananda
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.” – Albert Einstein
‘Failure is condiment that gives success it’s flavor.” – Truman Capote
“Fear is going to be a player in your life, but you get to decide how much.” – Jim Carrey
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” – Anne Frank
“The only people with you should try to get even with are those who have helped you.” – John E. Southard
“All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.” – Michael John Bobak
“As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.” – Bill Gates
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says “Im possible!”” – Audrey Hepburn
“If you hear a voice in your head that says “you cannot paint”, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us.” – Helen Keller
“What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.” – Plutarch
“The future depends on what you do today.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did, but they will never forget how you made them feel.” – Maya Angelou
“Make each day a masterpiece.” – John Wooden
“In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. You find the fun and snap, the job is a game.” – Mary Poppins
“Even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet.” – Dr. Dre
“Every negative is a positive, the bad things that happen to me, I somehow make good. That means you can’t do anything to hurt me.” – 50 Cent
“Do what you have to do, until you can do what you want to do.” – Denzel Washington
“Sunny days would be so special if it wasn’t for rain. Joy wouldn’t feel so good if it wasn’t for pain.” – 50 Cent
“Don’t be afraid of what you want. This is your time the barriers are down.” – Morgan Freeman
“He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” – Muhammad Ali
Three are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in the world: Those who are afraid, and those who are afraid you will succeed.” – Ray Goforth
“Don’t raise your voice, improve your argument.”
“The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.” – Williams James
“When people point out your weaknesses, that’s just another opportunity for you to rise above. – Zac Efron
“Challenge yourself. It’s the only path to growth.” – Morgan Freeman
Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” Pablo Picasso
“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” – Elanor Roosevelt
“It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up” Vince Lombardi
“I attribute my success to this. I never gave or took any excuse.” – Florence Nightingale
“I’ve learned that something constructive comes from every defeat,” – Tom Landry
“What if I fall? Oh, but my darling, what if you fly? – Erin Hanson
“When people are financially invested, they want a return. When people are emotionally invested, they want to contribute.” – Simon SInek
“If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path.” – Buddha
“Absorb what is useful, discard what its useless and add what it specifically your own.” – Bruce Lee
“We must accept finite disappointment but never lose infinite hope.” – Martin Luther King
“Every strike brings me closer to the next homerun.” – Babe Ruth
“Your own resolution to succeed is more important that any others.” – Abraham Lincoln
“Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.” – Barack Obama
“Start your day with prayer. Ask for wisdom. Ask for understanding. Don’t aspire to make a living, aspire to make a difference.” – Denzel Washington
“By putting in that intense form of stress, it makes regular life more peaceful.” – Joe Rogan
“If you can’t make it better, you can laugh at it.” – Erma Bombeck
“Forget about the fast lane. If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion.” – Oprah Winfrey
“I don’t dream at night, I dream at day. I dream all day. I dream for a living.” – Stephen Speilberg
“The world you desire can be won. It exists. It is real. It is possible. It is yours.”  – Ayn Rand
“Being a true badass no weight or gender requirement, just 100 percent commitment to greatness.” – Dwayne Johnson
“Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes.” – Benjamin Franklin
“”Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.”-  Robert Louis Stevenson
“Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition, they somehow know what you truly want to become.” – Steve Jobs
“Forget the pain, mock the pain. Reduce it and laugh.” – Jim Carrey
:Whatever or do dream you can do. Begin it. Boldness has genius and power and magic in it.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“If all you can do is crawl, then start crawling.” – Rumi
“Don’t worry about being worried. You’re heading out on an adventure and you can always change your mind along the way and try something else.” – Tracy Kidder
“If you are willing to do more than you are paid to do, eventually you will be paid to do more than you do.” – Anonymous
“What would you attempt if you knew you would not fail.” – Robert Schuller
“Whenever you see a successful person, you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.” – Vaibhav Shah
‘I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions.” – Stephen Covey
“The number one reason people fail in life is that they listen to their friends, family and neighbors.” – Napoleon Hill
“You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think about you if you realized how seldom they do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“No matter where life takes me, find me with a smile.” – Mac Miller
“There is no mountain I cant climb. No tower too high. No plane that I can’t learn how to fly.” – Eminem
“If you aren’t sincere with it, you shouldn’t say anything at all.” – Dr. Dre
“A dream doesn’t become a reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination and hard work.” – Colin Powell
“Genius is poor not paid.” – Oscar Wilde
“Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.” – Oprah Winfrey
“The day is what you make of it. SO why not make it a great one.” – Steve Schulte
“I am no longer accepting the things I can’t change, I am going to change the things I can’t accept.” – Angela Davis
“To move the world we must first move ourselves.” – Socrates
“Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don’t need to escape from.” – Seth Godin
“Try to be a rainbow in someones cloud.” – Maya Angelou
“Success seems to be connect with action. Successful people keep moving. They mmake mistakes, but they don’t quit.” – Conrad Hilton
“Outstanding people have one thing in common. An absolute sense of mission.” – Zig Ziglar
‘You may kill me with your hatefulness but like air I’ll rise.” – Maya Angelou
“Find who you are in this world and what you need to feel good alone. I think that’s the most important thing in life.” – Angelina Jolie
“Your ability to adapt to failure, and navigate your way out of it, absolutely 100 percent makes you who you are.” – Viola Davis
“Every mountain top is within your reach if you just keep climbing. – Harry Finlay
“Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory.” – Dr. Suess
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” – Paulo Coelho
“Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.” – Salvador Dali
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you chose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And you are the one who’ll decide where to go.” – Dr. Suess
“Imitation is suicide.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“I can’t go back to yesterday because I was a different person then.” – Lewis Carroll
“Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.” – Mark Twain
“You don’t need endless time and perfect conditions. Do it now. Do it today. Do it for 20 minutes and watch you heart start beating.” – Barbara Sher
“I have never learned anything from any man who agreed with me.” – Dudley Field Malone
“Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it” – Roald Dahl
‘If we challenge convention, we can solve any problem.” – Josh Valman
“I would visualize things coming to me. It would just make me feel better. Visualization works if you work hard. That’s the thing. You can’t just visualize and go eat a sandwhich.” – Jim Carrey
‘Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.” – Ralph Harston
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“Stop looking outside for scraps of pleasure and fulfillment, for validation, security or love. You have a treasure within that is infinitely greater than anything the world can offer.” – Eckhart Tolle
“Real courage is when you know you’re licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.” – Haprer Lee
“There is zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas.” – Susan Cain
“You will never plow a field if you only turn it over in your mind.” – Irish Proverb
“Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.” – Charlie Chaplin
“A normal life is boring.” – Eminem
“It isn’t the climb that wear you out, it is the pebble in your shoe.” – Muhammed Ali
“Each day provides it’s own gifts.” – Marcus Aurelius
“Sometimes you face difficulties, not because you have done something wrong, but because you have done something right”
“Learning never exhausts the mind.”-  Leonardo Da Vinci
“We must let go of the life we have planned so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.” – Joseph Campbell
“The power you have is to be the best version of yourself you can be, so you can create better world.” – Ashley Richards
“The best way out is always through.” – Robert Frost
“Not knowing you can’t do something is sometimes all it takes to do it.” – Ally Carter
“The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.” – Jordan Belfort
‘I mean I got everything I need right here with me. I got air in my lungs, a few blank sheets of paper. I mean, I love waking up in the morning not knowing what’s gonna happen or who I am going to meet, or where I am going to wind up.” – Jack Dawson (Titanic)
“I’m here to plant a seed today, that will inspire you to go forward in your life with enthusiastic hearts and a clear sense of wholeness. The question is, will that seed have a chance to take root? Or will i be sued by Monsanto.” – Jim Carrey (LAUGHED HARD at this one so had to include it!)
“It’s life. You don’t figure it out. You just climb up on the beast and ride.” – Rebecca Wells
“Speak softly and carry a big stick.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“There is only one way to avoid criticism. Do nothing. Be nothing. Say nothing.” – Aristotle
“It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
“You just have to keep driving down the road. It’s going to bend and curve and you’ll speed up and slow down, but the road keeps going.” – Ellen DeGeneres
“If you can do what you do best and be happy, you’re further along in life than most people.” – Leonardo Dicapro
“A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and little less than his share of credit.” – John Maxwell
“At some pointing you have to divorce yourself from doing the things that other people want from you.” – Jim Carrey
“Dealing with back stabbers, there was one thing I learned, they’re only powerful when you’ve got your back turned.” – Eminem
‘I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed,” – Michael Jordan
“You can spend minutes, hours, days, weeks or even months over-analyzing a situation. Trying to put the peices together justifying what could’ve, would’ve happened. Or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move the f*** on.” Tupac Shakur
“Even if you fall on your face, you are still moving forward.” – Victor Kiam
“Know your fears to your self, but share your courage with others.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
“I’ve failed over and over and over again and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan
“There will be obstacles, there will be doubters, there will be mistakes, but with hard work, there are no limits.” – Michael Phelps
“Average leaders raise the bar on themselves, good leaders raise the bar for others, great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar.” – Orrin Woodward
“Dream as if you’ll live forever, live as if you’ll die today.” – James Dean
“If you don’t stand up for something, you can fall for anything.” – Malcom X
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do and liking how you do it.” – Maya Angelou
“Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at change” – Wayne Dyer
“One way to keep momentum is to have constantly greater goals.” – Michael Korda
“Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on other faces of the people who said you couldn’t will be pricelss.” – Kevin Ngo
“Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” – Harriet Beecher Stow
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.” – Winston Churchill
“Life is an adventure, it’s not a package tour.” – Eckhart Tolle
“A winner is just a loser who tried one more time.” – Leonardo Dicaprio
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.” – Will Rodgers
“Start by doing what’s necessary, then do what’s possible, then suddenly you are doing the impossible.” – Francis of Assis
“You can make something of your life. It just depends on your drive.” – Eminem
“If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking permission.”
“Life is like a movie. Write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.” – Jim Hensen
“Not until we are lost do we begin to truly find ourselves.” – Henry David Thoreau
“If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily.” – Jack Canfield
“I always did something i was not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of “Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.” – Marissa Mayer
“Do you love life? Then do not squander time for that’s the stuff life is made of.” – Benjamin Franklin
“You can fail at something you don’t want, so you might as well take a chance at doing what you love.” – Jim Carrey
“Take every chance you get in life, because some things only happen once.” – Karen Gibbs
“Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Milton Berle
“Don’t persuade, defend or interupt. Be curious be conversational. Be real and listen.” – Elizabeth
“If you’re alive, you’re a creative person.” – Elizabeth
“I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.” – Robert H. Schuller
“I am going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it.” – Lebron
“If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing.” – Ernest Hemingway
“Well done is better than well said.” – Ben Franklin
“Where there is a will, there is a way. IF there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything to keep what you want from ending. Do it. Pry the door open or if need be, wedge your foot in that door keep it open.” – Pauline Kael
“It’s always too early to quit.” – Norman Vincent Peale
“Don’t chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people – the ones who really belong in your life will come to you and stay.” – Will Smith
“The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand
“Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.” – Proverb
“To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.” – John Wooden
“People say motivation doesn’t last. Well neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily.” – Zig Ziglar
“No matter how hard you work to bring yourself up, there’s someone out there working just as hard to put you down.” – Dr. Dre
“Personally I like aging, with age comes wisdom and I have said it before and I say it again. I will take wisdom over youth any day.” – Brad Pitt
“Faith is having the strength to trust in something that you can’t see with your eyes or prove scientifically.” – Miley Cirus
“When you walk up to opportunities door, don’t knock it. Kick that bitch in, smile and introduce yourself.” – Dwayne Johnson
“The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does great things. He is the one that gets people to do the greatest things.” – Ronald Reagan
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” – Williams James
“The man on top of the mountain didn’t fall there.” – Vince Lombardi
“Formula for success. Rise early, work hard, stroke oil.” J. Paul Getty
“Only you have the power to determine whether your future mimics your past.” – Skip Prichard
“Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.” – Henry Ford
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” – Unknown
“A wrong connection will give you a shock throughout your life, but the right one will light up your life.” – Leonardo DiCaprio
“Often any decision, even the wrong decision is better than no decision.” – Ben Horwitz
“Life doesn’t actually knock you down. It does, however provide you with many opportunities to evaluate your standing in life. What you stand on, what you stand for, how you stand within yourself and for yourself.” – Iyanala Vanzant\
“Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.” – Muhammad Ali
“Hard times do not create heroes. It is during the hard times when the hero within us is revealed.” – Bob Riley
“Being responsible sometimes pisses people off.” – Colin Powell
“I don’t believe in hope. Hope is a beggar. Hope walks through fire, faith leaps over it.” – Jim Carrey
“Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear – not the absense of fear.” – Mark Twain
“Success is walking from failure to failure without any loss of enthusiasm.” – Winston Churchill
“Luck always seems to be against the man who depends on it.”
“Success all depends on the second letter. U”
“We must all learn not only to fear change, but to embrace it enthusiastically and perhaps even more important.” – Tony Hsieh
“If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything.” – Tom Rath
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” – Seneca
“If you cannot outplay them, outwork them.” – Ben Hogan
“You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
“The art of leadership is saying not, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.”
“Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.” – Dale Carnegie
“Press forward, do not stop, do not linger in your journey but strive for the mark set before you.” – George Whitefield
“The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation. But your thoughts about it.” – Eckhart Tolle
“A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.” – George Patton
“Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin
“I want the peace in knowing that it wasn’t for lack of hustling that I missed a target or dream. I want to know that’s the one thing in my control.” – Jon Acuff
“Move our of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new” – Brian Tracy
“Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those what capture the heart.” – Ancient Indian Proverb
“Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.” – George Burns
“There are three things you must do in order to become wealthy. You must have the right mindset, discover your purpose in life, and find a business that expresses that purpose.” Andly Fuehl
“A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure.” – Henry Kissinger
“Helping one person might not change the whole world, but it could change the world for one person.”
“Believe you can and your half way there.” – Theodore Rosevelt
“If you are going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Chruchill
“Whether you think you can or you think you cant, you’re right.” – Henry Ford
“The secret to getting ahead is getting started.” – Mark Twain
“Don’t just stand there! Make something happen.” – Lee Iacocca
“Do or do not, there is no try.” – Yoda
“If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.” – Booker T Washington
“If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t you will see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer
“If you do not value your time, either will others. Stop giving away your time and talents, start charging for it.” – Kim Garst
“We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark, the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.” – Plato
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.” – Bill Gates
“Set your goals high, and don’t stop til you get there.” – Bo Jackson
“A ship is always safe at shore, but that is not what it’s built for.” – Albert Einstein
“Thinking should be your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in life.” – APJ Kalam
“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra
“I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure which is – try to please everybody.” – Herbert Bayard Swope
“The greatest glory lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” – Nelson Mandela
“If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.” – Les Brown
“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surrest stepping stones of success.” – Dale Carnegie
“The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones.” – Brandon Sanderson
“You can’t connect the dots look forward, you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust something, you gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has bade all the difference in my life.” – Steve Jobs
“Follow your dreams, you can be whatever you want just try. Don’t be afraid. Think positive, accept changes. Believe in yourself. Never give up.”
“Ability is what your capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.”
“Complaining about a problems without posing a solution is called whining.” – Teddy Roosevelt
“The quieter you become the more you hear.” – Ram Dass
“We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.” – Ronald Reagan
“Never will you have this day again, so make it count.”
“You can’t be both awesome and negative. Choose one.” – Karen Salmansohn
“Look in the mirror, that’s your competition.”
“Education is the passport to the future. For tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.” – Malacom X
“If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.” – Mario Andretti
“The secret to joy in work is contained in one word. Excellence. TO know how to do something well is to enjoy it.” – Pearl Buck
“Energy and persistence conquer all things.” – Benjamin Franklin
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” – Albert Einstein 
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.” – Steve Jobs
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” – Walter Bagehot
“It is better to live for one day as a lion than for 1000 years as a sheep.” – Tibetan Proverb
“I will persist until I succeed. I was not delivered into this world into defeat, nor does failure course my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepard. I am a lion, and I refuse to talk, walk and to sleep with sheep. I will persist until I succeed.” Og Mandino
“The greatest fear in the world is the opinion of others and the moment you are unafraid of the crowd, you are no longer a sheep. You become a lion. A great roar arises in your heart. The roar of freedom.” – Osho
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit Is what keeps you going.” – Jim Rohn
“The starting point of all achievement is desire.” – Napolean Hill
“Failure will never overtake me if my determination for succeed is strong enough.” – Og Mandino
“Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.” – Bill Bradley
“The soul become dyed wit the color of it’s thoughts.” – Macrus Aurelius
“Failure is the key to success, each mistake teaches us something.” – Moriher Ueshiba
“Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.” – W. Clement Stone
“Think like a queen, a queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Above all, Wawtch with glittering eyes the whole world around you. because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don’t believe in the magic will never find find it.” – Raold Dahl
“If you wait, all that happens is you get older.” – Larry McMurtry
“Even if you are on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” – Will Rogers
“If you give up on your dreams, what’s left?” – Jim Carrey
“As I get, I give. Giving as you get is critical. It has everything to do with being happy for yourself and making others happy is the cause of making yourself happy, and it’s the cycle of giving and getting.” – Russel Simmons
“If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.” – Brad Szollose
“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.”  – Wayne Gretzky
“You words can be powerful, they can hurt or uplift you, so think before you speak as every word counts.”
“Dream is not the thing you see in sleep, but it is that thing that doesn’t let you sleep.” – Dr. Abdul Kalam
“It’s not the load that keeps you down, it’s how you carry it.” – Lou Holtz
“Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.” – Unknown
“When your work speaks for itself, don’t interrupt.” – Henry J. Kaiser
“Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by it’s ability to climb a tree, it will live it’s whole life thinking it’s stupid.” – Albert Einstein
“Do you want to meet the love of your life? Look in the mirror” – Byron Katie
“Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender, it’s holy ground. There is no greater investment.” – Stephen Covey
“If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Before you act, listen. Before you react, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit try.” – Earnest Hemingway
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not the one who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” – Nelson Mandela
“Knowing is not enough we must apply. Wishing is not enough, we must do.” – Johann Wolfgang
“Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til your good is better and your better is best.” – St. Jerome
“It’s not about perfect, it’s about effort every single day. That’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs.” – Jilian Michaels
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you. Instead place them under your feet and use them as stepping stones to rise above them.”
“I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.” – Estee Lauder
“I believe you can speak things into existence.” – Jay Z
“Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center or gravity. Don’t fight them. Just find a new way to stand.” – Oprah Winfrey
“To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.” – Mike Gafka
“Power to me is the ability to make change in a positive way/” – Victoria Justice
“Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune.” – Jim Rohn
“Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.” – Helen Keller
“Work hard in silence, let success be your noise.” – Frank Ocean
“Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.” Michelle Obama
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow, learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandi
“Life is hard, but so very beautiful.” – Abraham Lincoln
“The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.” – Michealangelo
“I am not judged by the number of times I fail, but by the number of times I succeed.” – Tom Hopkins
“Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart.” – Denzel Washington
“Power is not given to you, you have to take it.” – Beyonce
“Be humble, be hungry, and always be the hardest worker in the room.” – Dwayne Johnson
“With a new day comes strength and new thoughts.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Success isn’t overnight. It’s when everyday you get a little better than the day before. It all adds up.” – Dwayne Johnson
"Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." -Henry Ford
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." -Rosa Parks
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples." -Mother Teresa
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I'm possible!'" -Audrey Hepburn
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well." -John D. Rockefeller Jr.
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." -Thomas Jefferson
"The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere." -Barack Obama
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." -Helen Keller
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas A. Edison
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." -Babe Ruth
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." -Anne Frank
“You can either have software quality or you can have pointer arithmetic, but you cannot have both at the same time.”(Bertrand Meyer) 
“If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, ‘We’re sorry, here’s a coupon for two more.’ “(Mark Minasi) 
“Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.”(Martin Golding)
“To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.”(Paul Ehrlich) 
“A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila.”(Mitch Radcliffe) 
“Everything that can be invented has been invented.” (Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899) 
“I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers.” (Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948)
“It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years.”     (John Von Neumann, circa 1949)
“But what is it good for?” (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968)
“There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home.” (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977)
“640K ought to be enough for anybody.” (Bill Gates, 1981)
“Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need.” (Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992)
“We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0.”    (Andy Pierson) 
“If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.”(Frank Lloyd Wright) 
There are so many men who can figure costs, and so few who can measure values.  ~Author Unknown
A corporation is a living organism; it has to continue to shed its skin.  Methods have to change.  Focus has to change.  Values have to change.  The sum total of those changes is transformation.  ~Andrew Grove
The most dangerous kind of waste is the waste we do not recognize.  ~Shigeo Shingo
Your lean process should be a lean process.  ~Author Unknown
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.  ~Peter F. Drucker
Continuous improvement is not about the things you do well - that's work.  Continuous improvement is about removing the things that get in the way of your work.  The headaches, the things that slow you down, that’s what continuous improvement is all about.  ~Bruce Hamilton
If you need a new process and don't install it, you pay for it without getting it.  ~Ken Stork
Everything can be improved.  ~Clarence W. Barron
Willful waste brings woeful want.  ~Thomas Fuller
There are many experts on how things have been done up to now. If you think something could use a little improvement, you are the expert.  ~Robert Brault, www.robertbrault.com
Amateurs work until they get it right.  Professionals work until they can't get it wrong.  ~Author Unknown
It is not the employer who pays the wages.  He only handles the money.  It is the product that pays the wages.  ~Henry Ford, 1922, also sometimes quoted as "It is the customer that pays the wages"
Nature does constant value stream mapping - it's called evolution.  ~Carrie Latet
Don't waste time learning the "tricks of the trade."  Instead, learn the trade.  ~James Charlton
Time waste differs from material waste in that there can be no salvage.  The easiest of all wastes and the hardest to correct is the waste of time, because wasted time does not litter the floor like wasted material.  ~Henry Ford
Waste is a tax on the whole people.  ~Albert W. Atwood
When solving problems, dig at the roots instead of just hacking at the leaves.  ~Anthony J. D'Angelo, The College Blue Book
A bad system will beat a good person every time.  ~W. Edwards Deming
It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises but only performance is reality.  ~Harold Geneen
We are too busy mopping the floor to turn off the faucet.  ~Author Unknown
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.  ~Benjamin Franklin
Waste is worse than loss.  The time is coming when every person who lays claim to ability will keep the question of waste before him constantly.  The scope of thrift is limitless.  ~Thomas A. Edison
It is more than probable that the average man could, with no injury to his health, increase his efficiency fifty percent.  ~Walter Scott
The essential question is not, "How busy are you?" but "What are you busy at?"  ~Oprah Winfrey
A relentless barrage of "why’s" is the best way to à your mind to pierce the clouded veil of thinking caused by the status quo.  Use it often.  ~Shigeo Shingo
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency.  The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.  ~Bill Gates
The world we have created is a product of our thinking; it cannot be changed without changing our thinking.  ~Albert Einstein
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.  ~Lawrence J. Peter
Improvement usually means doing something that we have never done before.  ~Shigeo Shingo
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.  ~C. Northcote Parkinson, 1958
On the bathing-tub of King T'ang the following words were engraved:  "If you would one day renovate yourself, do so from day to day.  Yea, let there be daily renovation."  ~Confucian Analects
An environment where people have to think brings with it wisdom, and this wisdom brings with it kaizen [continuous improvement].  ~Teruyuki Minoura
The impossible is often the untried.  ~Jim Goodwin
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.  ~Henry Ford
If you don't have time to do it right you must have time to do it over.  ~Author Unknown
Ford's success has startled the country, almost the world, financially, industrially, mechanically.  It exhibits in higher degree than most persons would have thought possible the seemingly contradictory requirements of true efficiency, which are:  constant increase of quality, great increase of pay to the workers, repeated reduction in cost to the consumer.  And with these appears, as at once cause and effect, an absolutely incredible enlargement of output reaching something like one hundredfold in less than ten years, and an enormous profit to the manufacturer.  ~Charles Buxton Going
Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings.  ~C.D. Jackson
Different isn't always better, but better is always different.  ~Author Unknown
He who rejects change is the architect of decay.  The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.  ~Harold Wilson
Invest a few moments in thinking.  It will pay good interest.  ~Author Unknown
Don't water your weeds.  ~Harvey MacKay
You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.  ~Charles C. Noble
I don't like a man to be too efficient.  He's likely to be not human enough.  ~Felix Frankfurter
If all efficiency experts were laid end to end - I'd be in favor of it.  ~Al Diamond
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.  ~Sidney Howard
I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors, and I shall adopt new views so fast as they appear to be true views.  ~Abraham Lincoln
It is better to stir up a question without deciding it, than to decide it without stirring it up.  ~Joseph Joubert
"Quality is everyone's responsibility.” W. Edwards Deming 
“It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and then do your best.” W. Edwards Deming
“Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.” W. Edwards Deming
“If you can't describe what you are doing as a process, you don't know what you're doing.”W. Edwards Deming
"You can not inspect quality into the product; it is already there.” W. Edwards Deming
"It does not happen all at once. There is no instant pudding.” W. Edwards Deming
“If you stay in this world, you will never learn another one.” W. Edwards Deming
“Does experience help? NO! Not if we are doing the wrong things.” W. Edwards Deming 
“The result of long-term relationships is better and better quality, and lower and lower costs.”W. Edwards Deming
“We are here to make another world.” W. Edwards Deming
Don’t be afraid to make mistakes.” Sakichi Toyoda (Osono et al 2008, 67)
“If you’re 60 percent sure, take action.” (Osono et al 2008, 86)
"Before you say you can’t do something, try it.” Sakichi Toyoda (Osono et al 2008, 86)
“I have seen more failures than successes.” Sakichi Toyoda (Osono et al 2008, 87)
"Endure a hundred times, strengthen yourself a thousand times, and you will complete you tasks in short order.” A phrase that hung in Sakichi Toyoda’s home, quoted by Matsubara (Osono et al 2008, 127)
“To do what you believe is right, to do what you believe is good, and doing these things right then and in that way is a calling from on high.  Thus, do it boldly, do as you believe, do as you are.” Eiji Toyoda quoted by Matsubara (Osono et al 2008, 127)
“At Toyota, we expect every assembly line worker to direct their wisdom toward originating ideas for improving base costs, quality, and safety.  Here the job of the line manager is to create an environment in which line workers can easily make suggestions and are supported to implement those suggestions.” Matsubara (Osono et al 2008, 131)
“Each person thoroughly fulfilling their duties generates great power that, gathered together in a chain, creates a ring of power.” Kiichiro Toyoda (Osono et al 2008, 134)
“Since it’s the customer that pays our salary, our responsibility is to make the product they want, when they want it, and deliver quality that satisfies them.” Retired factory worker, Kiyoshi Tsutsumi (Osono et al 2008, 136)
“Unless we visit genba [the place where the action is], we cannot develop a good plan.” Katsuyoshi Tabata (Osono et al 2008, 141)
“In the [Toyota] vernacular these information processing skills are called, ‘not listening to what you are told,’” Funo of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A. (Osono et al 2008, 153)
“the head of an abundant rice plant hangs down” old Japanese Adage, describing the humility of senior executives of Toyota and the Toyoda family members (Osono et al 2008, 167)
“If your boss refuses you something that you really want to do, don’t give up,” he said, “try pitching it two or three times.  By the third time, the boss will realise, ‘Hey, this guy is serious.’” Toyota President Katsuaki Watanabe (Osono et al 2008, 182)
“We have to waste resources by trying many things when we are unsure of which are best.” Toyota Chairman Fujio Cho (Osono et al 2008, 207)
“There’s got to be a better way” Top Toyota Executives (Osono et al 2008, 15)
“Reform business when business is good.” Former Toyota Chairman and President Hiroshi Okuda (Osono et al 2008, 15)
No change is bad” Toyota President Katsuaki Watanabe (Osono et al 2008, 15)
“always optimizing” Toyota Value (Osono et al 2008, 45)
“Action at the Source” Suzuki (Osono et al 2008, 53)
“Let’s give it a try.” Sakichi Toyoda, President of Toyoda Automatic Loom Works (parent company to Toyota) (Osono et al 2008, 67)
“Don’t be afraid to make mistakes.” Sakichi Toyoda (Osono et al 2008, 67)
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication”- Leonardo da Vinci
”Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it” - Alan Perlis
”Productivity is being able to do things that you were never able to do before” - Franz Kafka
~ Innovation is the process of turning ideas into manufacturable and marketable form. ~Watts Humprey
~ Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things. ~Theodore Levitt
~ Never before in history has innovation offered promise of so much to so many in so short a time. ~Bill Gates
~ Great innovations should not be forced on slender majorities. ~Thomas Jefferson
~ Innovation by definition will not be accepted at first. It takes repeated attempts, endless demonstrations, monotonous rehearsals before innovation can be accepted and internalized by an organization. This requires 'courageous patience'. ~Warren Bennis
~ Fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit. ~George Santayana
~ You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization. ~Denis Waitley
~ Entrepreneurs innovate. Innovation is the specific instrument of entrepreneurship. It is the act that endows resources with a new capacity to create wealth. ~Peter F. Drucker
~ The world leaders in innovation and creativity will also be world leaders in everything else. ~ Harold R. McAlindon
~ Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure. ~ Albert Einstein
"On n'innove jamais seul dans son coin" Areva Innovation Motto
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”
"L’innovation systématique requiert la volonté de considérer le changement comme une opportunité.rPeter Drucker
"Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code."
"Men are from Mars. Women are from Venus. Computers are from hell."
"Computer are like air conditioners: they stop working when you open windows."
"Like car accidents, most hardware problems are due to driver error."
"If you put fences around people, you get sheep. Give people the room they need." William L. McKnight, McKnight Foundation founder and former 3M CEO
"Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." Steve Jobs 
"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works."Steve Jobs 
"I want to put a ding in the universe. " Steve Jobs 
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs 
"Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations. " Steve Jobs 
"You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new. " Steve Jobs 
"Stay Hungry. Stay Foolish." - Steve Jobs ( famous Standford speech )
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." Steve Jobs
"On a toujours le choix. On est même la somme de ses choix.” Joseph O’Connor –
“Ceux qui ont des idées mais ne savent pas les présenter sont, peu à peu, exclus des débats.” Bernard Werber
"Le prix Nobel, c’est une bouée de sauvetage lancée à un nageur  qui a déjà atteint la rive." George Bernard Shaw –
"Soyez insatiables, soyez fous. C’est vrai que ça n’est pas dans le status quo qu’on se préparera un avenir meilleur. Ni la frilosité et les certitudes qui nous permettront d’avancer." Steve Jovs
"I didn't know it was impossible when I did it" - anomynous
"He who moves not forward, goes backward." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
"All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance."  Edward Gibbon 
"No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible." Voltaire
"I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better." Samuel Beckett 
"Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him." Aldous Huxley 
"Take care of the large problems and the small ones will tend not to bother you." anonymous
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." - Pablo Picasso 
"Nobody is perfect, but a team can be" - Meredith Belbin
"Necessity is the mother of invention" - Plato
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." - Albert Einstein
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." Albert Einstein 
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." Albert Einstein 
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." Albert Einstein 
"The only source of knowledge is experience." Albert Einstein 
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler." Albert Einstein 
"Information is not knowledge." Albert Einstein
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." Thomas A. Edison 
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." Thomas A. Edison 
“Algorithmic complexity for structured programmers: All algorithms are O(f(n)), where f is someone else’s responsibility.” – Peter Cooper
“Fact: 48% of IE7 usage comes from developers checking that their site works in IE7.” – @iamdevloper
“Programmers don’t burn out on hard work, they burn out on change-with-the-wind directives and not ‘shipping’.” – Mark Berry
“I’ve known people who have not mastered their tools who are good programmers, but not a tool master who remained a mediocre programmer.” – Kent Beck
“There are two types of people in this world: those who understand recursion and those who don’t understand that there are two types of people in this world.”
“Daddy, how is software made?” “Well, when a programmer loves an idea very much they stay up all night and then push to github the next day.” – Sam Kottler 
“Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems.”
“The problem with quick and dirty, is that the dirty remains long after the quick has been forgotten” – Steve C. McConnell
“Prolific developers don’t always write a lot of code, instead they solve a lot of problems. The two things are not the same.” – J. Chambers
“A programmer’s wife tells him: go to store. pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen. The programmer returns with 12 loaves.”
“Bad programmers have all the answers. Good testers have all the questions.” – Gil Zilberfeld
“Our job is to tell you your baby is ugly!” – Software Testers
“The best TDD can do, is assure that code does what the programmer thinks it should do. That is pretty good BTW.” – James Grenning
“The bitterness of poor quality remains long after the sweetness of meeting the schedule has been forgotten.” – Anonymous
“One bad programmer can easily create two new jobs a year.” – David Parnas
“Don’t document bad code — rewrite it.” – Kernighan and Plauger
“3 Errors walk into a bar. The barman says, “normally I’d Throw you all out, but tonight I’ll make an Exception.” – @iamdevloper
“Weeks of programming can save you hours of planning.” - Anonymous
“If you think it’s expensive to hire a professional, wait until you hire an amateur.”
“Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.” -Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
“The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code.” – Uncle Bob Martin
“My definition of an expert in any field is a person who knows enough about what’s really going on to be scared.” – P. J. Plauger
“First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.” – John Johnson
“Programming is not a zero-sum game. Teaching something to a fellow programmer doesn’t take it away from you.” – John Carmack
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code  — Ken Thompson
When in doubt, use brute force.    — Ken Thompson
Deleted code is debugged code.  — Jeff Sickel
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. — Brian W. Kernighan and P. J. Plauger in The Elements of Programming Style.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements. — Brian W. Kernighan, in the paper Unix for Beginners (1979)
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. — Brian Kernighan
Beauty is more important in computing than anywhere else in technology because software is so complicated. Beauty is the ultimate defence against complexity.   — David Gelernter
UNIX was not designed to stop its users from doing stupid things, as that would also stop them from doing clever things.   — Doug Gwyn
Life is too short to run proprietary software. — Bdale Garbee
The central enemy of reliability is complexity.  — Geer et al.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.   — Edsger W. Dijkstra
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.  — Leonardo da Vinci
The unavoidable price of reliability is simplicity.  — C.A.R. Hoare
You can’t trust code that you did not totally create yourself.   — Ken Thompson
Compatibility means deliberately repeating other people’s mistakes.  — David Wheeler
Debugging time increases as a square of the program’s size.   — Chris Wenham
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.
The best code is no code at all.
No code is faster than no code.  — merb motto
Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence.  — Edsger W. Dijkstra
Parkinson’s Law  “Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion.”
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. — Ron Jeffries
If we’d asked the customers what they wanted, they would have said “faster horses” — Henry Ford
With diligence it is possible to make anything run slowly.— Tom Duff
Software obeys the law of gaseous expansion – it continues to grow until memory is completely filled. — Larry Gleason
A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn’t even know existed can render your own computer unusable. — Leslie Lamport
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code. — Robert C. MartinClean Code
Incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation.   — Bertrand Meyer
Security is a state of mind.   — NSA Security Manua
And don’t EVER make the mistake that you can design something better than what you get from ruthless massively parallel trial-and-error with a feedback cycle. That’s giving your intelligence much too much credit    — Linus 